>> Steve Kinney: That was effectively,
at this point,
we've learned really all
the methods of Redux, right?
We've learned effectively the kind
of surface level depth of React and
Redux, right?
We've seen the provider,
we've seen Connect, right?
We've seen we can have a nicer syntax for
mapDispatchToProps.
If you don't need to pass any state,
let's say hypothetically, we had a new
list input field where they're only
typing in the name of the new list.
And then we're like,
dispatching that action to state.
You can leave this as null for
the first argument.
And only pass dispatch.
If there's no actions
that need to happen and
you only wanna display stuff, you can
just omit this one completely, right?
Cuz like, to get to the second argument,
you gotta pass null in
as the first argument.
If you don't need to map
any DispatchToProps,
you can omit it completely right?
So we've got the kind of
surface level API for both.
We're gonna spend a quick aside,
talking a little bit about when to and
not to use Redux kind of
hold on to your state.
And then we're gonna talk a little
bit about normalizing data, right?
Which will solve some of the problems
that we had in the prequel to this course
where we were trying to sit there and
do a lot of destructuring objects to try
to replace them with immutable versions.
And we're actually gonna write some
helpers to make that a little bit
easier today.
But first we'll talk a little bit
about when to and not to use it.
So, Redux seems pretty great, so
I've hopefully sold you on the idea
of passing in an entire object and
getting a deterministic state
of your application, it's great.
But a lot of times, we have to think about
the model state, the actual data in our
application, and some input field
that we can afford to lose, right?
Does that need to go through
the whole Redux flow,
is a really good question, right?
And there is an interesting blog
post from a few years ago by
a gentleman named Dan Abramov,
called You Might Not Need Redux.
You may remember him as coauthor of Redux.
[LAUGH] Right, and thinking about like,
Redux adds some structure.
Like I said, I'm a big fan, but it also
adds a certain layer of indirection and
stuff along those lines.
So here we could have something,
this is an input field for
creating a new item,
which is your list, right?
We can kinda keep it all in one component,
it's relatively simple.
If we're kind of doing Redux right, and
kind of breaking stuff out into the files.
It is likely now gonna be four
files to have like the input
field on a new to do list.
Now, in a small application,
I don't think that makes a lot of sense.
But in a larger application,
having a structure being able to break
stuff up might make a lot of sense.
Especially when multiple components,
like the advantage of having,
I can just keep it all
in that one component.
You lose that advantage as
soon as you need that state or
those actions in multiple components,
right?
You end up having to either pass them
to the tree or along those lines.
This point you can wrap any component
that needs a given piece of state for
that Redux tree or a given action.
You wrap that component in it.
It can then modify the state that's
entirely separate from your component
hierarchy.
So, this.setState and
the useState React hook are simpler.
And maybe for
stuff that isn't needed by other
components, still the right choice, right?
You don't have to go whole hog one or
the other.
You can choose to like mix and
match where it's appropriate.
At one point in our code base,
we were using regular,
old React state, Redux,
as well as MobX, right?
And I kind of like mixing and matching
all of them where appropriate, and
those are all like things that
you can kind of combine together.
All right, so we'll talk a little bit
about normalizing our data, right?
And in the previous course,
we struggled with it cuz our
data was not normalized, right?
And what does it mean to normalize it?
Basically trying to make sure that
we kind of separate everything out.
And that we're able to like modify
just one thing without having like,
if you like, a card is a child of
a list in a con bond board where
it was what we're gonna work on.
Then you have to like modify the list and
replace the list if you're just
changing the name of a card.
And you also don't want to be able,
you don't wanna like,
think too much about
having to like find stuff.
And so the kind of general
principles that we had before.
And you don't want duplicated data.
The general principles that we had before
are kind of prefer objects over arrays.
And we'll actually have
a few arrays in here.
But an object is way easier to access
than if you need to get a given
particular item out of an array.
You're effectively gonna have to iterate
to the entire array to find it, right?
Are you the one with
the idea I'm looking for?
Are you the one with the idea I'm
looking for, so on and so forth.
If you use an object, you're able to say
hey, I need the one of this key, right?
Where the key of the object is the IDs.
And the values of the objects,
you can go find it like effectively like,
no matter how big it grows,
you can find it immediately, right?
I like to joke that for any kind of like,
programming question at any of
the really big tech companies.
They give you the code challenge and
interviews,
the answers always like implemented
as a hash map or an object.
That is always the answer,
every single time.
So as a freebie for you.
But it also makes sense cuz it's easy
to find a given object out of there.
Do you need to remove it,
just remove that key from the object.
You'd have to go and like filter
through everything, so on and so forth.